Really really hit
Zhao Shao, I hit the bastard
We just hit it now
Are you going to hurt me to death?
Are you lucky?
Zhao Shao
You're just a dog next to that woman
Wait for my brother-in-law to come
Ben was the first to kill you
Good, since you are so energetic.
Then play again
This woman doesn't believe what she says
I don't know who you are.
Now put the bricks down
I can pretend nothing happened
If you don't let him go
Wait for me.
It will make you want to live and die
Brother-in-law, come and save me
Don't let anyone go here
I made them pay
Then you do it.
I'll wait for you here.
Woman, do you hear me?
My robbers are already on their way.
Do you know what the concept of Crossing the River Dragon is?
Except for the eldest sister of Red Star
He is not afraid of anyone
Let me go
Since you are so arrogant
Then give it another shot.